Adding top level feature status to the inventories metadata payload (#9175)
DataDog/datadog-agent: pkg/metadata/inventories/README.md

    version, ...). This defaults to `"undefined"` when not installed through a tool (like when installed with apt, source
    build, ...).
  - `install_method_installer_version` - **string**:  The version of Datadog module (ex: the Chef Datadog package, the Datadog Ansible playbook, ...).
  - `feature_security_enabled` - **string**: Either `"true"` or `"false"` depending if the Security Agent is enabled
    (see: `runtime_security_config.enabled` config option).
  - `feature_process_enabled` - **string**: Either `"true"` or `"false"` depending if the Process Agent is enabled (see:
    `process_config.enabled` config option).

>   - `feature_networks_enabled` - **string**: Either `"true"` or `"false"` depending if the System Probe Agent is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `feature_networks_enabled` - **string**: Either `"true"` or `"false"` depending if Network Performance Monitoring is enabled
```

    version, ...). This defaults to `"undefined"` when not installed through a tool (like when installed with apt, source
    build, ...).
  - `install_method_installer_version` - **string**:  The version of Datadog module (ex: the Chef Datadog package, the Datadog Ansible playbook, ...).

>   - `feature_security_enabled` - **string**: Either `"true"` or `"false"` depending if the Security Agent is enabled

Reviewer 2: The Security Agent is shared by both :
 - Cloud Workload Security (CWS), previously known as Runtime Security
 - Cloud Security Posture management (CSPM), previously known as Compliance

Should we name it `feature_cws_enabled` and `feature_cspm_enabled` ?

Author: Are both enabled by the same configuration `runtime_security_config.enabled` ? if not could you gave me the right configuration to look up for each ?

  - `install_method_installer_version` - **string**:  The version of Datadog module (ex: the Chef Datadog package, the Datadog Ansible playbook, ...).
  - `logs_transport` - **string**:  The transport used to send logs to Datadog. Value is either `"HTTP"` or `"TCP"` when logs collection is
    enabled, otherwise the field is omitted.
  - `feature_security_enabled` - **bool**: True if the Cloud Workload Security is enabled (see: `runtime_security_config.enabled`
    config option).
  - `feature_process_enabled` - **bool**: True if the Process Agent is enabled (see: `process_config.enabled` config
    option).
  - `feature_networks_enabled` - **bool**: True if the Network Performance Monitoring is enabled (see:

>     `system_probe_config.enabled` config option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `network_config.enabled` config option in `system-probe.yaml`).
```
